 
---
title: w7s1 brainstorm design decisions
published_at: 2022-11-04
snippet: This is an excerpt of a new blog post.
disable_html_sanitization: true
---

 Brainstorm and develop some ideas for your digital environment for Assignment 3.

3. Take the sketches, notes, and other material generated through this process, and develop them into a series of blog posts that includes:

## A short statement of at least 50 words that outlines your core concept in simple terms.

How I changed from living mostly indoors to having time to explore the world outside
monotonous desks and books- sense of restriction-- mountain- open view and sound of nature 

The change I would like to depict is the life I had before moving from China to Australia, and after moving to Australia when I was eleven.

In China, even as a child, I Lived a monotone life concentrated on studying. Living a routine schedule -waking up and go to class -back home to study do homework and preparing for exams. My life was mostly indoors and conforms to Asian students' study routine. mostly indoors to study.

After I moved to Australia I had much less homework and more freetime to go outdoors and discover what the world is like outside textbooks, to appreciate nature outside classroom and my room to study , and develop hobbies and which I truly enjoy.


## A written and/or visual breakdown of how your environment will change or evolve over the journey, and how this connects to your concept. This can include visual references such as your colour palette(s), inspiration, and so on.

1 I would begin with an environment of a bedroom with bookshelve and homework piles representing my life concentrated on studies when I lived in China.

2 walking out the door,There will be a straight Pathway with landmarks fence and street lights guilding player to walk past, and no other routes outside the door to symbolise how young Asian children are not presented with the option to not follow the routine of going to classroom to study.




The path way is surrounded by high rise building with a sense of structured and organised vibe but lacking plants and vigorisity.

3 Next will be the classroom setting, I chose to display these two spaces and connect them as most of my childhood time are spent in classroom learning and in my bedroom doing homework.

There is a board saying 500 days countdown to junior middle school entrance exam.

living in a society where people (even young children are expected to conform to rules( EG routinely cleaning the classroom after school))
since a very young age, asion kids are forced to conformed to pursueing the same goal(study laboriously to achieve good grades, pass primary to middles school exam to enter a good middle school,get into a high ranking uni and become a part of the workforce. As it is said that companies only look at the resumes of those graduating from a high ranking uni with too many graduates competing for employment)

so since a young age we were instiled the idea that the only one way to live a 'successful life' is to be academically competitive. 

And teachers !!!!in Chinese primary school rank children's grades forcing students to study harder rather that offering emotionally support or engage in activities other than academic activities.

So before moving to Australia, My life was mostly concentrated on endless studying and doing homework to get a hier ranking academic results like everyone else, we acted in unison striving to achieve the same end goal and try to walk pass the path 'single wooden bridge'


4 use darker floor patterns to guide ????
pathway to the  gate- signify transformation from spending most of time indoor to colourful world outdoors 

5 curvy pathway to guide player through and seeing scene of nature colourful mountain trees flowers
to create a sense of openess, the pathway will be lager than the straight path in urban area









A straight path leads directly from one point to another. Good for a clear, uncomplicated 
approach that makes the destination feel majestic or imposing

Less colour to more colourful
Guzheng to western music


Straight path

Gate- 
To curly path with terrain up and down

Nature 

To higher saturation 
## DESIGNS:










moving to a freeer and environment that allows for greater diversity, witho

A spiral path uses a longer pathway that circles around the destination, allowing the user 
to admire it from all angles

a diversed path where people can explore whatever that interest them



## A simple map of your environment, produced either traditionally or digitally, that shows how the user will move through the space from beginning to end.


High rise buildings- cold coloured and inorganic vibe
sense of structured and organised- 



objects: study desk, heavy bag full of books and homework, alarm clock set to seven as school starts at 7:30am, staircase,gate,staircase,gate-sense of endlessness, board saying '365 days from middle school entrance exam' 'from high school entrance exam'





## A list of assets (3D models, sounds, textures, etc.) that will be required for your project. Specify which you will create yourself, and which you will source or edit from elsewhere.




So At the start, I will begin using Chinese background music and buildings and change into 

Guzheng sound
Chinese buildings(sourced)







Spherical Form
• Based on spheres, with rounded edges and curved surfaces.
• Feels more organic, welcoming, and friendly.
• Acts as a natural centre point, encourages movement around and out.

Cubic Form
• Based on cubes, with hard edges and flat surfaces.
• Feel stable, at rest, and grounded. Good for dwellings.
• Rectangular form adds directionality and encourages movement along surfaces.


program into a way that the player feel a sense of change before and after

simple -emotional?

building eg noisy space
wind/cicadas/silence/openspace